_pages/publications.md, before:

---
title: Awards & Publications
description: Publications at MAKinteract lab
---

<head>
	<!-- SCoped CSS -->
  <style>
	strong {
		color: #EE2A7C;
	}
	.single p a {
		border-bottom: none;
		color: #6C7A89;
		font-weight: 300; /* see settings.yml */
	}
	em {
		font-weight: bold;
	}
</style>
  <!-- <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/syntax.css" /> -->
</head>

<!-- MODIFY UNDER THIS LINE -->

- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** UIST 2020
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** TEI 2021
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** MobileHCI 2013
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** HCI Korea 2018
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** HCI Korea 2015
- 🏆 **Best Poster Award** UIST 2016
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** CHI 2021
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** Augmented Humans 2021
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** MobileHCI 2017
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** MobileHCI 2016
- 🏆 **iF Design Award 2021**
- 🥉 **IDSA 2021 Bronze Design Award**

---

# Academic papers

## 2022

Hye-Young Jo, Wooje Chang, Hoonjin Jung, Andrea Bianchi. 2022. **Design of Virtual Reality Application for Interaction Prototyping Remote Education**. In _HCI Korea 2022_ (2022.02.09 - 02.11).

## 2021

Seungwoo Je, Hyunseung Lim, Kongpyung Moon, Shan-Yuan Teng, Jas Brooks, Pedro Lopes, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **Elevate: A Walkable Pin-Array for Large Shape-Changing Terrains**. Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 127, 1–11. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445454](https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445454)

Neung Ryu, Hye-Young Jo, Michel Pahud, Mike Sinclair, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **GamesBond: Bimanual Haptic Illusion of Physically Connected Objects for Immersive VR Using Grip Deformation**. Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 125, 1–10. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445727](https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445727) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

DaYe Kang, Tony Ho, Nicolai Marquardt, Bilge Mutlu, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **ToonNote: Improving Communication in Computational Notebooks Using Interactive Data Comics**. Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 727, 1–14. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445434](https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445434)

Woojin Lee, Ramkrishna Prasad, Seungwoo Je, Yoonji Kim, Ian Oakley, Daniel Ashbrook, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **VirtualWire: Supporting Rapid Prototyping with Instant Reconfigurations of Wires in Breadboarded Circuits.** In <i>Proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference on Tangible, Embedded, and Embodied Interaction</i> (_TEI '21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 4, 1–12. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3430524.3440623](https://doi.org/10.1145/3430524.3440623) (**Best paper award** 🏆)

Myung Jin Kim and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **Exploring Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction on the Head-Mounted Display**. In Augmented Humans Conference 2021 (_AHs’21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 251–258. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3458709.3458960](https://doi.org/10.1145/3458709.3458960) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

---

## 2020

Neung Ryu, Woojin Lee, Myung Jin Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **ElaStick: A Handheld Variable Stiffness Display for Rendering Dynamic Haptic Response of Flexible Object**. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1035–1045. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415862](https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415862) (**Best paper award** 🏆)

Youngkyung Choi, Neung Ryu, Myung Jin Kim, Artem Dementyev, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **BodyPrinter: Fabricating Circuits Directly on the Skin at Arbitrary Locations Using a Wearable Compact Plotter**. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 554–564. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415840](https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415840)

Yoonji Kim, Hyein Lee, Ramkrishna Prasad, Seungwoo Je, Youngkyung Choi, Daniel Ashbrook, Ian Oakley, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **SchemaBoard: Supporting Correct Assembly of Schematic Circuits using Dynamic In-Situ Visualization**. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 987–998. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415887](https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415887)

Hyein Lee, Yoonji Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **MAScreen: Augmenting Speech with Visual Cues of Lip Motions, Facial Expressions, and Text Using a Wearable Display**. In SIGGRAPH Asia 2020 Emerging Technologies (_SA ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 2, 1–2. DOI:[https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422886](https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422886)

Neung Ryu, Myung Jin Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **Demonstration of ElaStick: A Variable Stiffness Display for Rendering Handheld Flexible Object**. In SIGGRAPH Asia 2020 Emerging Technologies (_SA ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 5, 1–2. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422894](https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422894)

Hyelip Lee, Andrea Bianchi. **YourSphere: Supporting Flexible Environmental Switching in Open-plan Workspaces via Augmented Reality**. _Archives of Design Research_ 33 (4), 43-52. DOI: [http://dx.doi.org/10.15187/adr.2020.11.33.4.43](http://dx.doi.org/10.15187/adr.2020.11.33.4.43)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, Alejandro Samboy, Hideki Koike, Woontack Woo, and Aaron Quigley. 2020. **WristLens: Enabling Single-Handed Surface Gesture Interaction for Wrist-Worn Devices Using Optical Motion Sensor**. In <i>Proceedings of the Augmented Humans International Conference</i> (_AHs '20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 27, 1–8. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3384657.3384797](https://doi.org/10.1145/3384657.3384797)

---

## 2019

Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Hyein Lee, Geehyuk Lee, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **VirtualComponent: A Mixed-Reality Tool for Designing and Tuning Breadboarded Circuits**. In Proceedings of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI '19_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Paper 177, 1–13. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407](https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407)

Seungwoo Je, Myung Jin Kim, Woojin Lee, Byungjoo Lee, Xing-Dong Yang, Pedro Lopes, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **Aero-plane: A Handheld Force-Feedback Device that Renders Weight Motion Illusion on a Virtual 2D Plane**. In <i>Proceedings of the 32nd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology</i> (_UIST '19_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 763–775. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3332165.3347926](https://doi.org/10.1145/3332165.3347926)

Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Daye Kang, Minkyeong Lee, Tek-Jin Nam, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **HeyTeddy: Conversational Test-Driven Development for Physical Computing**. Proc. ACM Interact. Mob. Wearable Ubiquitous Technol. (_IMWUT_) 3, 4, Article 139 (December 2019), 21 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3369838](https://doi.org/10.1145/3369838)

Hyelip Lee, Seungwoo Je, Rachael Kim, Himanshu Verma, Hamed Alavi, Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **Partitioning Open-plan Workspaces via Augmented Reality**. In _Personal and Ubiquitous Computing_ (pp. 1-16) DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1007/s00779-019-01306-0](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00779-019-01306-0)

Minkyeong Lee, Seungwoo Je, Woojin Lee, Daniel Ashbrook and Andrea Bianchi. **ActivEarring: Spatiotemporal Haptic Cues on the Ears**, in IEEE Transactions on Haptics. In _IEEE Transactions on Haptics_. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1109/TOH.2019.2925799](https://doi.org/10.1109/TOH.2019.2925799)

Seungwoo Je, Yekaterina Abileva, Andrea Bianchi, Jean-Charles Bazin. 2019. **A Computational Approach for Spider Web Inspired Fabrication of String Art**. In _Computer Animation and Virtual Worlds_ 2019;30:e1904. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1002/cav.1904](https://doi.org/10.1002/cav.1904)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Hyung-il Kim, Aakar Gupta, Andrea Bianchi, Daniel Vogel, Hideki Koike, Woontack Woo, and Aaron Quigley. 2019. **WRIST: Watch-Ring Interaction and Sensing Technique for Wrist Gestures and Macro-Micro Pointing**. In <i>Proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services</i> (_MobileHCI '19_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 19, 1–15. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3338286.3340130](https://doi.org/10.1145/3338286.3340130)

Chiu-Hsuan Wang, Chen-Yuan Hsieh, Neng-Hao Yu, Andrea Bianchi, Liwei Chan. **HapticSphere: Physical Support To Enable Precision Touch Interaction in Mobile Mixed-Reality**. In 2019 IEEE Conference on Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces (_IEEE VR 2019_) (pp. 331-339). IEEE.

---

## 2018

Seungwoo Je, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Liwei Chan, Xing-Dong Yang, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **PokeRing: Notifications by Poking Around the Finger**. In Proceedings of the 2018 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI ‘18_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Paper 542, 10 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116](https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116)

Minkyeong Lee, Okyu Choi, Hyelip Lee, Bum-Jae You, Minsoo Han, Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **Designing On-Body 2D Patterns to Enhance Subsidiary Communication for Telepresence Robots**. In 2018 27th IEEE International Symposium on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (_RO-MAN 2018_). DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1109/ROMAN.2018.8525646](https://doi.org/10.1109/ROMAN.2018.8525646)

Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **Wind-blaster: a wearable propeller-based prototype that provides ungrounded force-feedback**. In ACM SIGGRAPH 2018 Emerging Technologies (_SIGGRAPH ‘18_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 23, 2 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3214907.3214915](https://doi.org/10.1145/3214907.3214915)

Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **How was made: Wind-blaster**. _Interactions_ 26, 1 (December 2018), 14-15. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3292075](https://doi.org/10.1145/3292075)

Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Andrea Bianchi, Brian Yu-Jen Chiang, Ai-Hsuan Chou, Dominik Fink, Jannick Lenz, Paul Raschke, and Mario Rieker. 2018. **Demo hour**. _Interactions_ 26, 1 (December 2018), 8-11. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3292484](https://doi.org/10.1145/3292484)

Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, Byungjoo Lee, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **An Artistic Provocation to Explore Effects and Opportunities of Virtual Surreal Spaces**. In <i>Proceedings of the 2018 ACM Conference Companion Publication on Designing Interactive Systems</i> (_DIS '18 Companion_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 81–85. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3197391.3205416](https://doi.org/10.1145/3197391.3205416)

Andrea Bianchi, Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Ian Oakley. **Enhancing Spatial Input on the Body with a Smart-Ring**. Proceedings of _HCI Korea'18_ [paper](https://alsoplantsfly.kaist.id/files/2018/Bianchi_Ring+Touch_KHCI18.pdf) (**Best paper award** 🏆)

---

## 2017

Seungwoo Je, Brendan Rooney, Liwei Chan, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **tactoRing: A Skin-Drag Discrete Display**. In Proceedings of the 2017 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 3106-3114. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3025453.3025703](https://doi.org/10.1145/3025453.3025703)

Hyelip Lee, Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **All4One: A Moderated Sketching Tool for Supporting Idea-Generation with Remote Users**. In Proceedings of International Association of Societies of Design Research 2017 (_IASDR 2017_). DOI: [https://doi.org/10.7945/C2JH5D](https://doi.org/10.7945/C2JH5D)

Jihoon Suh, Wooshik Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **Button+: Supporting User and Context Aware Interaction through Shape-Changing Interfaces**. In Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference on Tangible, Embedded, and Embodied Interaction (_TEI ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 261-268. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3024980](https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3024980)

Seungwoo Je, Okyu Choi, Kyungah Choi, Minkyeong Lee, Hyeon-Jeong Suk, Liwei Chan, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **Designing skin-dragging haptic motions for wearables**. In Proceedings of the 2017 ACM International Symposium on Wearable Computers (_ISWC ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 98-101. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3123021.3123050](https://doi.org/10.1145/3123021.3123050)

Andrea Bianchi and Seungwoo Je. 2017. **Disambiguating touch with a smart-ring**. In Proceedings of the 8th Augmented Human International Conference (_AH ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 27, 5 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3041164.3041196](https://doi.org/10.1145/3041164.3041196)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, David Harris-Birtill, and Aaron Quigley. 2017. **SpeCam: sensing surface color and material with the front-facing camera of a mobile device**. In Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (_MobileHCI ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 25, 9 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3098279.3098541](https://doi.org/10.1145/3098279.3098541) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

Pin-Cheng Lin, HyunJoo Oh, Mark D. Gross, Michael Eisenberg, Sherry His, Becca Rose Glowacki, Mark Wonnacott, Amy Rose, Emma Powell, Liv Bargman, Seungwoo Je, Brendan Rooney, Liwei Chan, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **Demo hour**. _Interactions_ 25, 2 (February 2018), 6-9. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3183514](https://doi.org/10.1145/3183514)

Jaewon Cho, Junwoo Yoo, Ju-young Shin, Jun-dong Cho, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **Quantifying Children's Engagement with Educational Tangible Blocks**. In <i>Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference on Tangible, Embedded, and Embodied Interaction</i> (_TEI '17_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 389–395. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3025062](https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3025062)

Hyelip Lee, Yunkyung Kim, Andrea Bianchi. **A Survey on Medical Robotic Telepresence Design from the Perspective of Medical Staff**. _Archives of Design Research_, Vol. 30 (1) February 2017. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.15187/ADR.2017.02.30.1.61](https://doi.org/10.15187/ADR.2017.02.30.1.61)

---

## 2016

Youngjun Cho, Andrea Bianchi, Nicolai Marquardt, and Nadia Bianchi-Berthouze. 2016. **RealPen: Providing Realism in Handwriting Tasks on Touch Surfaces using Auditory-Tactile Feedback**. In Proceedings of the 29th Annual Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘16_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 195-205. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2984511.2984550](https://doi.org/10.1145/2984511.2984550)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, and Aaron Quigley. 2016. **WatchMI: pressure touch, twist and pan gesture input on unmodified smartwatches**. In Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (_MobileHCI ‘16_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 394-399. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2935334.2935375](https://doi.org/10.1145/2935334.2935375) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, and Aaron Quigley. 2016. **WatchMI: applications of watch movement input on unmodified smartwatches**. In Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services Adjunct (_MobileHCI ‘16_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 594-598. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2957265.2961825](https://doi.org/10.1145/2957265.2961825)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, and Aaron Quigley. 2016. **Sidetap & Slingshot Gestures on Unmodified Smartwatches**. In Proceedings of the 29th Annual Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘16 Adjunct_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 189-190. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2984751.2984763](https://doi.org/10.1145/2984751.2984763) (**Best poster award 🏆**)

Andrea Bianchi, Ian Oakley and Hyoungshick Kim. 2016. **PassBYOP: Bring Your Own Picture for Securing Graphical Passwords**. In _IEEE Transactions on Human-Machine Systems_, vol. 46, no. 3, pp. 380-389, June 2016. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1109/THMS.2015.2487511](https://doi.org/10.1109/THMS.2015.2487511)

Andrea Bianchi and Ian Oakley. **Wearable authentication: Trends and opportunities**. In _it - Information Technology_. Volume 58, Issue 5, Pages 255-262, July 2016 (invited paper). DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1515/itit-2016-0010](https://doi.org/10.1515/itit-2016-0010)

---

For papers published _before 2016_ please refer to [http://alsoplantsfly.kaist.id](http://alsoplantsfly.kaist.id).

---

# Patents

Andrea Bianchi, Youngkyung Choi, Myung Jin Kim, Artem Dementyev. **Method and apparatus for printing electrical circuit directly on target surface having 3-dimensional shape, 3D printer used for the same and electical device having electrical circuit printed by the same** (Filed No. 10-2021-0006204, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Andrea Bianchi, Neung Ryu, Woojin Lee, Myung Jin Kim. **Apparatus and method for rendering dynamic haptic response of flexible object** (Filed No. 10-2020-0189658, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Liwei Chan, Xing-Dong Yang. **Ring-shaped wearable apparatus for transferring information through poke and method for controlling the same** (No. 10-2035474, Korea Patent), 2019.10.17, _ISSUED_.

Andrea Bianchi , Seungwoo Je. **Vibration generating device wearable on finger and method performing operation corresponding to vibration information** (No. 10-1970534, Korea Patent) 2019.04.15, _ISSUED_.

Andrea Bianchi, Minkyeong Lee, Seungwoo Je, Woojin Lee, Daniel Ashbrook. **Ear-mounted vibrational wearable apparatus and method for controlling motion thereof** (Filed No. 10-2019-0137884, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Young Min Jo, Junkyu Kim, Duck-Joo Lee. **Kinesthetic-feedback wearable apparatus for virtual reality or augmented reality and method for controlling the same** (Filed No. US20190321724A1 US Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Brendan Rooney, Liwei Chan. **Wearable apparatus having ring shape and method for controlling motion thereof** (No. 10-1863183, Korea Patent) 2018.05.25, _ISSUED_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Young Min Jo, Junkyu Kim, Duck-Joo Lee. **Kinesthetic-feedback wearable apparatus for virtual reality or augmented reality and method for controlling the same** (Filed No. 10-2018-0046244, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Commit message:

Added publications and KHCI22 award

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
title: Awards & Publications
description: Publications at MAKinteract lab
---

<head>
	<!-- SCoped CSS -->
  <style>
	strong {
		color: #EE2A7C;
	}
	.single p a {
		border-bottom: none;
		color: #6C7A89;
		font-weight: 300; /* see settings.yml */
	}
	em {
		font-weight: bold;
	}
</style>
  <!-- <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/syntax.css" /> -->
</head>

<!-- MODIFY UNDER THIS LINE -->

- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** UIST 2020
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** TEI 2021
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** MobileHCI 2013
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** HCI Korea 2022
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** HCI Korea 2018
- 🏆 **Best Paper Award** HCI Korea 2015
- 🏆 **Best Poster Award** UIST 2016
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** CHI 2021
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** Augmented Humans 2021
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** MobileHCI 2017
- 🏅 **Honorable Mention Award** MobileHCI 2016
- 🏆 **iF Design Award 2021**
- 🥉 **IDSA 2021 Bronze Design Award**

---

# Academic papers

## 2022

Myung Jin Kim, Neung Ryu KAIST, Wooje Chang, Michel Pahud, Mike Sinclair, and Andrea Bianchi. 2022. **SpinOcchio: Understanding Haptic-Visual Congruency of Skin-Slip in VR with a Dynamic Grip Controller**. To appear in proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'22_).

Jaemin Shin, Seungjoo Lee, Taesik Gong, Hyungjun Yoon, Hyunchul Roh, Andrea Bianchi, Sung-Ju Lee. 2022. **MyDJ: Sensing Food Intakes with an Attachable on Your Eyeglass Frame**. To appear in proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'22_).

Hye-Young Jo, Wooje Chang, Hoonjin Jung, Andrea Bianchi. 2022. **Design of Virtual Reality Application for Interaction Prototyping Remote Education**. In _HCI Korea 2022_ (2022.02.09 - 02.11).

## 2021

Seungwoo Je, Hyunseung Lim, Kongpyung Moon, Shan-Yuan Teng, Jas Brooks, Pedro Lopes, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **Elevate: A Walkable Pin-Array for Large Shape-Changing Terrains**. Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 127, 1–11. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445454](https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445454)

Neung Ryu, Hye-Young Jo, Michel Pahud, Mike Sinclair, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **GamesBond: Bimanual Haptic Illusion of Physically Connected Objects for Immersive VR Using Grip Deformation**. Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 125, 1–10. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445727](https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445727) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

DaYe Kang, Tony Ho, Nicolai Marquardt, Bilge Mutlu, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **ToonNote: Improving Communication in Computational Notebooks Using Interactive Data Comics**. Proceedings of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 727, 1–14. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445434](https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445434)

Woojin Lee, Ramkrishna Prasad, Seungwoo Je, Yoonji Kim, Ian Oakley, Daniel Ashbrook, and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **VirtualWire: Supporting Rapid Prototyping with Instant Reconfigurations of Wires in Breadboarded Circuits.** In <i>Proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference on Tangible, Embedded, and Embodied Interaction</i> (_TEI '21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 4, 1–12. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3430524.3440623](https://doi.org/10.1145/3430524.3440623) (**Best paper award** 🏆)

Myung Jin Kim and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **Exploring Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction on the Head-Mounted Display**. In Augmented Humans Conference 2021 (_AHs’21_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 251–258. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3458709.3458960](https://doi.org/10.1145/3458709.3458960) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

---

## 2020

Neung Ryu, Woojin Lee, Myung Jin Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **ElaStick: A Handheld Variable Stiffness Display for Rendering Dynamic Haptic Response of Flexible Object**. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1035–1045. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415862](https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415862) (**Best paper award** 🏆)

Youngkyung Choi, Neung Ryu, Myung Jin Kim, Artem Dementyev, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **BodyPrinter: Fabricating Circuits Directly on the Skin at Arbitrary Locations Using a Wearable Compact Plotter**. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 554–564. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415840](https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415840)

Yoonji Kim, Hyein Lee, Ramkrishna Prasad, Seungwoo Je, Youngkyung Choi, Daniel Ashbrook, Ian Oakley, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **SchemaBoard: Supporting Correct Assembly of Schematic Circuits using Dynamic In-Situ Visualization**. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 987–998. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415887](https://doi.org/10.1145/3379337.3415887)

Hyein Lee, Yoonji Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **MAScreen: Augmenting Speech with Visual Cues of Lip Motions, Facial Expressions, and Text Using a Wearable Display**. In SIGGRAPH Asia 2020 Emerging Technologies (_SA ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 2, 1–2. DOI:[https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422886](https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422886)

Neung Ryu, Myung Jin Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2020. **Demonstration of ElaStick: A Variable Stiffness Display for Rendering Handheld Flexible Object**. In SIGGRAPH Asia 2020 Emerging Technologies (_SA ‘20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 5, 1–2. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422894](https://doi.org/10.1145/3415255.3422894)

Hyelip Lee, Andrea Bianchi. **YourSphere: Supporting Flexible Environmental Switching in Open-plan Workspaces via Augmented Reality**. _Archives of Design Research_ 33 (4), 43-52. DOI: [http://dx.doi.org/10.15187/adr.2020.11.33.4.43](http://dx.doi.org/10.15187/adr.2020.11.33.4.43)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, Alejandro Samboy, Hideki Koike, Woontack Woo, and Aaron Quigley. 2020. **WristLens: Enabling Single-Handed Surface Gesture Interaction for Wrist-Worn Devices Using Optical Motion Sensor**. In <i>Proceedings of the Augmented Humans International Conference</i> (_AHs '20_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 27, 1–8. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3384657.3384797](https://doi.org/10.1145/3384657.3384797)

---

## 2019

Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Hyein Lee, Geehyuk Lee, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **VirtualComponent: A Mixed-Reality Tool for Designing and Tuning Breadboarded Circuits**. In Proceedings of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI '19_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Paper 177, 1–13. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407](https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407)

Seungwoo Je, Myung Jin Kim, Woojin Lee, Byungjoo Lee, Xing-Dong Yang, Pedro Lopes, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **Aero-plane: A Handheld Force-Feedback Device that Renders Weight Motion Illusion on a Virtual 2D Plane**. In <i>Proceedings of the 32nd Annual ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology</i> (_UIST '19_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 763–775. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3332165.3347926](https://doi.org/10.1145/3332165.3347926)

Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Daye Kang, Minkyeong Lee, Tek-Jin Nam, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **HeyTeddy: Conversational Test-Driven Development for Physical Computing**. Proc. ACM Interact. Mob. Wearable Ubiquitous Technol. (_IMWUT_) 3, 4, Article 139 (December 2019), 21 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3369838](https://doi.org/10.1145/3369838)

Hyelip Lee, Seungwoo Je, Rachael Kim, Himanshu Verma, Hamed Alavi, Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **Partitioning Open-plan Workspaces via Augmented Reality**. In _Personal and Ubiquitous Computing_ (pp. 1-16) DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1007/s00779-019-01306-0](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00779-019-01306-0)

Minkyeong Lee, Seungwoo Je, Woojin Lee, Daniel Ashbrook and Andrea Bianchi. **ActivEarring: Spatiotemporal Haptic Cues on the Ears**, in IEEE Transactions on Haptics. In _IEEE Transactions on Haptics_. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1109/TOH.2019.2925799](https://doi.org/10.1109/TOH.2019.2925799)

Seungwoo Je, Yekaterina Abileva, Andrea Bianchi, Jean-Charles Bazin. 2019. **A Computational Approach for Spider Web Inspired Fabrication of String Art**. In _Computer Animation and Virtual Worlds_ 2019;30:e1904. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1002/cav.1904](https://doi.org/10.1002/cav.1904)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Hyung-il Kim, Aakar Gupta, Andrea Bianchi, Daniel Vogel, Hideki Koike, Woontack Woo, and Aaron Quigley. 2019. **WRIST: Watch-Ring Interaction and Sensing Technique for Wrist Gestures and Macro-Micro Pointing**. In <i>Proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services</i> (_MobileHCI '19_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Article 19, 1–15. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3338286.3340130](https://doi.org/10.1145/3338286.3340130)

Chiu-Hsuan Wang, Chen-Yuan Hsieh, Neng-Hao Yu, Andrea Bianchi, Liwei Chan. **HapticSphere: Physical Support To Enable Precision Touch Interaction in Mobile Mixed-Reality**. In 2019 IEEE Conference on Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces (_IEEE VR 2019_) (pp. 331-339). IEEE.

---

## 2018

Seungwoo Je, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Liwei Chan, Xing-Dong Yang, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **PokeRing: Notifications by Poking Around the Finger**. In Proceedings of the 2018 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI ‘18_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Paper 542, 10 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116](https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116)

Minkyeong Lee, Okyu Choi, Hyelip Lee, Bum-Jae You, Minsoo Han, Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **Designing On-Body 2D Patterns to Enhance Subsidiary Communication for Telepresence Robots**. In 2018 27th IEEE International Symposium on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (_RO-MAN 2018_). DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1109/ROMAN.2018.8525646](https://doi.org/10.1109/ROMAN.2018.8525646)

Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **Wind-blaster: a wearable propeller-based prototype that provides ungrounded force-feedback**. In ACM SIGGRAPH 2018 Emerging Technologies (_SIGGRAPH ‘18_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 23, 2 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3214907.3214915](https://doi.org/10.1145/3214907.3214915)

Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **How was made: Wind-blaster**. _Interactions_ 26, 1 (December 2018), 14-15. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3292075](https://doi.org/10.1145/3292075)

Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Andrea Bianchi, Brian Yu-Jen Chiang, Ai-Hsuan Chou, Dominik Fink, Jannick Lenz, Paul Raschke, and Mario Rieker. 2018. **Demo hour**. _Interactions_ 26, 1 (December 2018), 8-11. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3292484](https://doi.org/10.1145/3292484)

Hyelip Lee, Myung Jin Kim, Byungjoo Lee, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **An Artistic Provocation to Explore Effects and Opportunities of Virtual Surreal Spaces**. In <i>Proceedings of the 2018 ACM Conference Companion Publication on Designing Interactive Systems</i> (_DIS '18 Companion_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 81–85. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3197391.3205416](https://doi.org/10.1145/3197391.3205416)

Andrea Bianchi, Seungwoo Je, Hyelip Lee, Ian Oakley. **Enhancing Spatial Input on the Body with a Smart-Ring**. Proceedings of _HCI Korea'18_ [paper](https://alsoplantsfly.kaist.id/files/2018/Bianchi_Ring+Touch_KHCI18.pdf) (**Best paper award** 🏆)

---

## 2017

Seungwoo Je, Brendan Rooney, Liwei Chan, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **tactoRing: A Skin-Drag Discrete Display**. In Proceedings of the 2017 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 3106-3114. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3025453.3025703](https://doi.org/10.1145/3025453.3025703)

Hyelip Lee, Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **All4One: A Moderated Sketching Tool for Supporting Idea-Generation with Remote Users**. In Proceedings of International Association of Societies of Design Research 2017 (_IASDR 2017_). DOI: [https://doi.org/10.7945/C2JH5D](https://doi.org/10.7945/C2JH5D)

Jihoon Suh, Wooshik Kim, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **Button+: Supporting User and Context Aware Interaction through Shape-Changing Interfaces**. In Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference on Tangible, Embedded, and Embodied Interaction (_TEI ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 261-268. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3024980](https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3024980)

Seungwoo Je, Okyu Choi, Kyungah Choi, Minkyeong Lee, Hyeon-Jeong Suk, Liwei Chan, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **Designing skin-dragging haptic motions for wearables**. In Proceedings of the 2017 ACM International Symposium on Wearable Computers (_ISWC ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 98-101. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3123021.3123050](https://doi.org/10.1145/3123021.3123050)

Andrea Bianchi and Seungwoo Je. 2017. **Disambiguating touch with a smart-ring**. In Proceedings of the 8th Augmented Human International Conference (_AH ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 27, 5 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3041164.3041196](https://doi.org/10.1145/3041164.3041196)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, David Harris-Birtill, and Aaron Quigley. 2017. **SpeCam: sensing surface color and material with the front-facing camera of a mobile device**. In Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (_MobileHCI ‘17_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 25, 9 pages. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3098279.3098541](https://doi.org/10.1145/3098279.3098541) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

Pin-Cheng Lin, HyunJoo Oh, Mark D. Gross, Michael Eisenberg, Sherry His, Becca Rose Glowacki, Mark Wonnacott, Amy Rose, Emma Powell, Liv Bargman, Seungwoo Je, Brendan Rooney, Liwei Chan, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **Demo hour**. _Interactions_ 25, 2 (February 2018), 6-9. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3183514](https://doi.org/10.1145/3183514)

Jaewon Cho, Junwoo Yoo, Ju-young Shin, Jun-dong Cho, and Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **Quantifying Children's Engagement with Educational Tangible Blocks**. In <i>Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference on Tangible, Embedded, and Embodied Interaction</i> (_TEI '17_). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 389–395. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3025062](https://doi.org/10.1145/3024969.3025062)

Hyelip Lee, Yunkyung Kim, Andrea Bianchi. **A Survey on Medical Robotic Telepresence Design from the Perspective of Medical Staff**. _Archives of Design Research_, Vol. 30 (1) February 2017. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.15187/ADR.2017.02.30.1.61](https://doi.org/10.15187/ADR.2017.02.30.1.61)

---

## 2016

Youngjun Cho, Andrea Bianchi, Nicolai Marquardt, and Nadia Bianchi-Berthouze. 2016. **RealPen: Providing Realism in Handwriting Tasks on Touch Surfaces using Auditory-Tactile Feedback**. In Proceedings of the 29th Annual Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘16_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 195-205. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2984511.2984550](https://doi.org/10.1145/2984511.2984550)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, and Aaron Quigley. 2016. **WatchMI: pressure touch, twist and pan gesture input on unmodified smartwatches**. In Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (_MobileHCI ‘16_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 394-399. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2935334.2935375](https://doi.org/10.1145/2935334.2935375) (**Honorable mention award 🏅**)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, and Aaron Quigley. 2016. **WatchMI: applications of watch movement input on unmodified smartwatches**. In Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services Adjunct (_MobileHCI ‘16_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 594-598. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2957265.2961825](https://doi.org/10.1145/2957265.2961825)

Hui-Shyong Yeo, Juyoung Lee, Andrea Bianchi, and Aaron Quigley. 2016. **Sidetap & Slingshot Gestures on Unmodified Smartwatches**. In Proceedings of the 29th Annual Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology (_UIST ‘16 Adjunct_). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 189-190. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1145/2984751.2984763](https://doi.org/10.1145/2984751.2984763) (**Best poster award 🏆**)

Andrea Bianchi, Ian Oakley and Hyoungshick Kim. 2016. **PassBYOP: Bring Your Own Picture for Securing Graphical Passwords**. In _IEEE Transactions on Human-Machine Systems_, vol. 46, no. 3, pp. 380-389, June 2016. DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1109/THMS.2015.2487511](https://doi.org/10.1109/THMS.2015.2487511)

Andrea Bianchi and Ian Oakley. **Wearable authentication: Trends and opportunities**. In _it - Information Technology_. Volume 58, Issue 5, Pages 255-262, July 2016 (invited paper). DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1515/itit-2016-0010](https://doi.org/10.1515/itit-2016-0010)

---

For papers published _before 2016_ please refer to [http://alsoplantsfly.kaist.id](http://alsoplantsfly.kaist.id).

---

# Patents

Andrea Bianchi, Youngkyung Choi, Myung Jin Kim, Artem Dementyev. **Method and apparatus for printing electrical circuit directly on target surface having 3-dimensional shape, 3D printer used for the same and electical device having electrical circuit printed by the same** (Filed No. 10-2021-0006204, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Andrea Bianchi, Neung Ryu, Woojin Lee, Myung Jin Kim. **Apparatus and method for rendering dynamic haptic response of flexible object** (Filed No. 10-2020-0189658, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Liwei Chan, Xing-Dong Yang. **Ring-shaped wearable apparatus for transferring information through poke and method for controlling the same** (No. 10-2035474, Korea Patent), 2019.10.17, _ISSUED_.

Andrea Bianchi , Seungwoo Je. **Vibration generating device wearable on finger and method performing operation corresponding to vibration information** (No. 10-1970534, Korea Patent) 2019.04.15, _ISSUED_.

Andrea Bianchi, Minkyeong Lee, Seungwoo Je, Woojin Lee, Daniel Ashbrook. **Ear-mounted vibrational wearable apparatus and method for controlling motion thereof** (Filed No. 10-2019-0137884, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Young Min Jo, Junkyu Kim, Duck-Joo Lee. **Kinesthetic-feedback wearable apparatus for virtual reality or augmented reality and method for controlling the same** (Filed No. US20190321724A1 US Patent), _Patent Pending_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Brendan Rooney, Liwei Chan. **Wearable apparatus having ring shape and method for controlling motion thereof** (No. 10-1863183, Korea Patent) 2018.05.25, _ISSUED_.

Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi, Young Min Jo, Junkyu Kim, Duck-Joo Lee. **Kinesthetic-feedback wearable apparatus for virtual reality or augmented reality and method for controlling the same** (Filed No. 10-2018-0046244, Korea Patent), _Patent Pending_.
