_projects/All4One_2016.md, before:

---
title: All4One
subtitle: "A Moderated Sketching Tool for Supporting Idea-Generation with Remote Users"
year: 2017
featured_image: /images/projects/all4one.jpg # width must be 1600px	
pdf_file: Lee_All4One_IASDR2017.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.7945/C2JH5D
featured: false
---

<!-- 
<div class="gallery" data-columns="1">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
</div>
 -->

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fDUkEMaxS7o" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Despite the increased popularity of online tools for remote teamwork and meetings, moderated collaborative activities between multiple users in early conceptual design stages, such as brainstorming sessions, are yet not well supported. In this paper, we introduce All4One, a networked system that enables multiple remote users to participate in a moderated visual sketching session. Each participant can independently draw and share sketches using a tablet, and a moderator uses a set of tangible tools to arrange and manipulate sketches that are displayed in real-time on a whiteboard. We present our prototype in detail and the results from a workshop study simulating a brainstorming session with designers who tested the system in practice. Results show several usage patterns and the potential of All4One for use in early design stages, and the importance of the role of the moderator as the facilitator of the design process. The paper concludes by identifying weaknesses and strengths of the current system and possible directions for future work.


### References

Hyelip Lee, Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **All4One: A Moderated Sketching Tool for Supporting Idea-Generation with Remote Users**. In Proceedings of IASDR 2017 (International Association of Societies of Design Research 2017)

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

--- 

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>

Commit message:

Added description to all pages

_projects/All4One_2016.md, after:

---
title: All4One
subtitle: "A Moderated Sketching Tool for Supporting Idea-Generation with Remote Users"
description: "All4One: A Moderated Sketching Tool for Supporting Idea-Generation with Remote Users"
year: 2017
featured_image: /images/projects/all4one.jpg # width must be 1600px	
pdf_file: Lee_All4One_IASDR2017.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.7945/C2JH5D
featured: false
---

<!-- 
<div class="gallery" data-columns="1">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
</div>
 -->

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fDUkEMaxS7o" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Despite the increased popularity of online tools for remote teamwork and meetings, moderated collaborative activities between multiple users in early conceptual design stages, such as brainstorming sessions, are yet not well supported. In this paper, we introduce All4One, a networked system that enables multiple remote users to participate in a moderated visual sketching session. Each participant can independently draw and share sketches using a tablet, and a moderator uses a set of tangible tools to arrange and manipulate sketches that are displayed in real-time on a whiteboard. We present our prototype in detail and the results from a workshop study simulating a brainstorming session with designers who tested the system in practice. Results show several usage patterns and the potential of All4One for use in early design stages, and the importance of the role of the moderator as the facilitator of the design process. The paper concludes by identifying weaknesses and strengths of the current system and possible directions for future work.


### References

Hyelip Lee, Seungwoo Je, Andrea Bianchi. 2017. **All4One: A Moderated Sketching Tool for Supporting Idea-Generation with Remote Users**. In Proceedings of IASDR 2017 (International Association of Societies of Design Research 2017)

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

--- 

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>
