---
title: MyDJ
subtitle: 'Sensing Food Intakes with an Attachable on Your Eyeglass Frame'
description: "Elevate: A Walkable Pin-Array for Large Shape-Changing Terrains"
year: 2022
featured_image: /images/projects/mydj.jpg # width must be 1600px
pdf_file: # put file in the directory FILESii
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1145/
featured: false
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/77XNl39QoEE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Various automated eating detection wearables have been proposed to monitor food intakes. While these systems overcome the forgetfulness of manual user journaling, they typically show low accuracy at outside-the-lab environments or have intrusive form-factors (e.g., headgear). Eyeglasses are emerging as a socially-acceptable eating detection wearable, but existing approaches require custom-built frames and consume large power. We propose MyDJ, an eating detection system that could be attached to any eyeglass frame. MyDJ achieves accurate and energy-efficient eating detection by capturing complementary chewing signals on a piezoelectric sensor and an accelerometer. We evaluated the accuracy and wearability of MyDJ with 30 subjects in uncontrolled environments, where six subjects attached MyDJ on their own eyeglasses for a week. Our study shows that MyDJ achieves 91.9% F1-score in eating episode coverage, with 5.1× battery time over the state-of-the-art systems. In addition, participants reported wearing MyDJ was almost as comfortable (94.8%) as wearing regular eyeglasses.

### References

Jaemin Shin, Seungjoo Lee, Taesik Gong, Hyungjun Yoon, Hyunchul Roh, Andrea Bianchi, Sung-Ju Lee. 2022. **MyDJ: Sensing Food Intakes with an Attachable on Your Eyeglass Frame**. To appear in proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (_CHI'22_)

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

<!-- <a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -->
<!-- <a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a> -->

---

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>
