_projects/pokeRing_2018.md, before:

---
title: PokeRing
subtitle: "Notifications by Poking Around the Finger"
year: 2018
featured_image: /images/projects/pokering.jpg # width must be 1600px	
pdf_file: Je_PokeRing_CHI18.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116
featured: true
---

<!-- 
<div class="gallery" data-columns="1">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
</div>
 -->

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HTMol6LW0xs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Smart-rings are ideal for subtle and always-available haptic notifications due to their direct contact with the skin. Previous researchers have highlighted the feasibility of haptic technology in smart-rings and their promise in delivering noticeable stimulations by poking a limited set of planar locations on the finger. However, the full potential of poking as a mechanism to deliver richer and more expressive information on the finger is overlooked. With three studies and a total of 76 participants, we informed the design of PokeRing, a smart-ring capable of delivering information via stimulating eight different locations around the index finger's proximal phalanx. We report our evaluation of the performance of PokeRing in semi-realistic wearable conditions, (standing and walking), and its effective usage for information transfer with twenty-one spatio-temporal patterns designed by six interaction designers in a workshop. Finally, we present three applications that exploit PokeRing's notification usages.

### References

Seungwoo Je, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Liwei Chan, Xing-Dong Yang, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **PokeRing: Notifications by Poking Around the Finger**. In Proceedings of the 2018 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '18). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Paper 542, 10 pages. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

--- 

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>

Commit message:

Added description to all pages

_projects/pokeRing_2018.md, after:

---
title: PokeRing
subtitle: "Notifications by Poking Around the Finger"
description: "PokeRing: Notifications by Poking Around the Finger"
year: 2018
featured_image: /images/projects/pokering.jpg # width must be 1600px	
pdf_file: Je_PokeRing_CHI18.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116
featured: true
---

<!-- 
<div class="gallery" data-columns="1">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
</div>
 -->

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HTMol6LW0xs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Smart-rings are ideal for subtle and always-available haptic notifications due to their direct contact with the skin. Previous researchers have highlighted the feasibility of haptic technology in smart-rings and their promise in delivering noticeable stimulations by poking a limited set of planar locations on the finger. However, the full potential of poking as a mechanism to deliver richer and more expressive information on the finger is overlooked. With three studies and a total of 76 participants, we informed the design of PokeRing, a smart-ring capable of delivering information via stimulating eight different locations around the index finger's proximal phalanx. We report our evaluation of the performance of PokeRing in semi-realistic wearable conditions, (standing and walking), and its effective usage for information transfer with twenty-one spatio-temporal patterns designed by six interaction designers in a workshop. Finally, we present three applications that exploit PokeRing's notification usages.

### References

Seungwoo Je, Minkyeong Lee, Yoonji Kim, Liwei Chan, Xing-Dong Yang, and Andrea Bianchi. 2018. **PokeRing: Notifications by Poking Around the Finger**. In Proceedings of the 2018 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '18). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Paper 542, 10 pages. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1145/3173574.3174116

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

--- 

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>
