_projects/PseudoHandEye_2021.md, before:

---
title: Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction
subtitle: 'Exploring Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction on the Head-Mounted Display'
year: 2021
featured_image: /images/projects/pseudoHandEye.jpg # width must be 1600px
# pdf_file: Lee_VirtualWire_TEI21.pdf # put file in the directory FILESii
# doi_link: https://doi.org/
featured: false
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GERshFu_36o" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

🏅 _Honorable mention award_

Virtual and augmented reality devices and applications have enabled the user to experience a variety of simulated real-life experiences through first-person visual, auditory, and haptic feedback. However, among the numerous everyday interactions that have been emulated, the familiar interaction of touching or rubbing the eyes is yet to be explored and remains to be understood. In this paper, we aim to understand the components of natural hand-eye interaction, propose an interaction technique through a proof-of-concept prototype head-mounted display, and evaluate the user experience of the prototype through a user study. In addition, we share insights emerged from the studies with suggestions for further development of interaction techniques based on combinations of hardware and software.

### References

Myung Jin Kim and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **Exploring Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction on the Head-Mounted Display**. In Proceedings of _Augmented Humans 2021_.

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

---

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>

Commit message:

Added description to all pages

_projects/PseudoHandEye_2021.md, after:

---
title: Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction
subtitle: 'Exploring Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction on the Head-Mounted Display'
description: 'Exploring Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction on the Head-Mounted Display'
year: 2021
featured_image: /images/projects/pseudoHandEye.jpg # width must be 1600px
pdf_file: Kim_PseudHandEye_AH21.pdf # put file in the directory FILESii
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1145/3458709.3458960
featured: false
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GERshFu_36o" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

🏅 _Honorable mention award_

Virtual and augmented reality devices and applications have enabled the user to experience a variety of simulated real-life experiences through first-person visual, auditory, and haptic feedback. However, among the numerous everyday interactions that have been emulated, the familiar interaction of touching or rubbing the eyes is yet to be explored and remains to be understood. In this paper, we aim to understand the components of natural hand-eye interaction, propose an interaction technique through a proof-of-concept prototype head-mounted display, and evaluate the user experience of the prototype through a user study. In addition, we share insights emerged from the studies with suggestions for further development of interaction techniques based on combinations of hardware and software.

### References

Myung Jin Kim and Andrea Bianchi. 2021. **Exploring Pseudo Hand-Eye Interaction on the Head-Mounted Display**. In <i>Augmented Humans Conference 2021</i> (<i>AHs'21</i>). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 251–258. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1145/3458709.3458960.

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

---

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>
