_projects/SpiderWeb_2019.md, before:

---
title: Spider Web Fabrication
subtitle: "A Computational Approach for Spider Web Inspired Fabrication of String Art"
year: 2019
featured_image: /images/projects/spiderweb.jpg # width must be 1600px	
pdf_file: Je_SpiderWeb_CAV19.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1002/cav.1904
featured: false
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9XmnfOtUVKw" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Creating objects with threads is commonly referred as string art. It is typically a manual, tedious work reserved for skilled artists. In this paper, we investigate how to automatically fabricate string art pieces from one single continuous thread in such a way that it looks like an input image. The proposed system consists of a thread connection optimization algorithm and a custom-made fabrication machine. It allows casual users to create their own personalized string art pieces in a fully automatic manner. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrated our system can create visually appealing results.


### References

Seungwoo Je, Yekaterina Abileva, Andrea Bianchi, Jean-Charles Bazin. 2019. **A Computational Approach for Spider Web Inspired Fabrication of String Art**. In Computer Animation and Virtual Worlds (SCI) 2019;30:e1904.

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

 <a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 <a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

### Source code and material
[GitHub](https://github.com/makinteractlab/SpiderPrinter)

--- 

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>

Commit message:

Added description to all pages

_projects/SpiderWeb_2019.md, after:

---
title: Spider Web Fabrication
subtitle: "A Computational Approach for Spider Web Inspired Fabrication of String Art"
description: "A Computational Approach for Spider Web Inspired Fabrication of String Art"
year: 2019
featured_image: /images/projects/spiderweb.jpg # width must be 1600px	
pdf_file: Je_SpiderWeb_CAV19.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1002/cav.1904
featured: false
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9XmnfOtUVKw" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->
# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Creating objects with threads is commonly referred as string art. It is typically a manual, tedious work reserved for skilled artists. In this paper, we investigate how to automatically fabricate string art pieces from one single continuous thread in such a way that it looks like an input image. The proposed system consists of a thread connection optimization algorithm and a custom-made fabrication machine. It allows casual users to create their own personalized string art pieces in a fully automatic manner. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrated our system can create visually appealing results.


### References

Seungwoo Je, Yekaterina Abileva, Andrea Bianchi, Jean-Charles Bazin. 2019. **A Computational Approach for Spider Web Inspired Fabrication of String Art**. In Computer Animation and Virtual Worlds (SCI) 2019;30:e1904.

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

 <a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 <a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

### Source code and material
[GitHub](https://github.com/makinteractlab/SpiderPrinter)

--- 

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>
