_projects/VirtualComponent_2019.md, before:

---
title: VirtualComponent
subtitle: 'A Mixed-Reality Tool for Designing and Tuning Breadboarded Circuits'
year: 2019
featured_image: /images/projects/virtualComponent.jpg # width must be 1600px
pdf_file: Kim_VirtualComponent_CHI19.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407
featured: false
---

<!--
<div class="gallery" data-columns="1">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
</div>
 -->

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xeq6MhjG2Vs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Prototyping electronic circuits is an increasingly popular activity, supported by researchers, who develop toolkits to improve the design, debugging, and fabrication of electronics. although past work mainly dealt with circuit topology, in this paper we propose a system for determining or tuning the values of the circuit components. based on the results of a formative study with seventeen makers, we designed virtualcomponent, a mixed-reality tool that allows users to digitally place electronic components on a real breadboard, tune their values in software, and see these changes applied to the physical circuit in real-time. virtualcomponent is composed of a set of plug-and-play modules containing banks of components, and a custom breadboard managing the connections and components' values. through demonstrations and the results of an informal study with twelve makers, we show that virtualcomponent is easy to use and allows users to test components' value configurations with little effort.

### references

Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Hyein Lee, Geehyuk Lee, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **VirtualComponent: A Mixed-Reality Tool for Designing and Tuning Breadboarded Circuits**. In Proceedings of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '19). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Paper 177, 1–13. DOI:https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

### Source code and material

[GitHub](https://github.com/makinteract/VirtualComponent)

### Media coverage

The augmented reality breadboard of the future, [Hackaday (May 27, 2019)](https://hackaday.com/2019/05/27/the-augmented-reality-breadboard-of-the-future/), [Hackster.io, May 29, 2019](https://blog.hackster.io/virtualcomponent-lets-users-digitally-place-virtual-electronics-on-a-real-breadboard-39bf0352bc09).

---

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>

Commit message:

Added description to all pages

_projects/VirtualComponent_2019.md, after:

---
title: VirtualComponent
subtitle: 'A Mixed-Reality Tool for Designing and Tuning Breadboarded Circuits'
description: 'VirtualComponent: A Mixed-Reality Tool for Designing and Tuning Breadboarded Circuits'
year: 2019
featured_image: /images/projects/virtualComponent.jpg # width must be 1600px
pdf_file: Kim_VirtualComponent_CHI19.pdf # put file in the directory FILES
doi_link: https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407
featured: false
---

<!--
<div class="gallery" data-columns="1">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
	<img src="/images/projects/example.jpg">
</div>
 -->

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xeq6MhjG2Vs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

# {{page.title}}: {{page.subtitle}} ({{page.year}})

Prototyping electronic circuits is an increasingly popular activity, supported by researchers, who develop toolkits to improve the design, debugging, and fabrication of electronics. although past work mainly dealt with circuit topology, in this paper we propose a system for determining or tuning the values of the circuit components. based on the results of a formative study with seventeen makers, we designed virtualcomponent, a mixed-reality tool that allows users to digitally place electronic components on a real breadboard, tune their values in software, and see these changes applied to the physical circuit in real-time. virtualcomponent is composed of a set of plug-and-play modules containing banks of components, and a custom breadboard managing the connections and components' values. through demonstrations and the results of an informal study with twelve makers, we show that virtualcomponent is easy to use and allows users to test components' value configurations with little effort.

### references

Yoonji Kim, Youngkyung Choi, Hyein Lee, Geehyuk Lee, and Andrea Bianchi. 2019. **VirtualComponent: A Mixed-Reality Tool for Designing and Tuning Breadboarded Circuits**. In Proceedings of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '19). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, Paper 177, 1–13. DOI:https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300407

<!-- DO NOT CHANGE MANUALLY -->

<a href="{{ site.url }}/files/{{ page.year }}/{{ page.pdf_file }}" target="_blank">paper</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="{{ page.doi_link }}" target="_blank">doi</a>

### Source code and material

[GitHub](https://github.com/makinteract/VirtualComponent)

### Media coverage

The augmented reality breadboard of the future, [Hackaday (May 27, 2019)](https://hackaday.com/2019/05/27/the-augmented-reality-breadboard-of-the-future/), [Hackster.io, May 29, 2019](https://blog.hackster.io/virtualcomponent-lets-users-digitally-place-virtual-electronics-on-a-real-breadboard-39bf0352bc09).

---

<a href="/index.html" class="button button--large">Back to projects</a>
